Fix typo and formatting in README (#145)
quirrel-dev/quirrel: README.md

[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/skn0tt?label=Stay%20updated&style=social)](https://twitter.com/skn0tt)

<p align="middle">
  The Task Queueing Solution for Serverless.
</p>

- [Landing Page](https://quirrel.dev)
- [Documentation](https://docs.quirrel.dev)

> Quirrel makes job queueing as easy as pie. It supports delayed jobs, fanout jobs, recurring jobs and CRON jobs.

Reviewer: I'd actually like to keep "simple as cake" here. It always [reminds me of Portal 2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_cake_is_a_lie) ;D Also, this is a catchphrase that's spread over a lot of different sources already, so it should be kept consistent :)

```suggestion
Quirrel makes job queueing simple as cake. It supports delayed jobs, fanout jobs, recurring jobs and CRON jobs.
```

Author: But the cake was a lie!

Quirrel values...

- great DX (through [tailormade client libraries](https://docs.quirrel.dev/api/queue) & the [development UI](https://docs.quirrel.dev/development-ui))
- privacy (through end-to-end encryption)
- free software (it's MIT licensed!)
- easy setup (through [hosted offering](https://quirrel.dev) and easy on-prem)

## Getting Started

> If you want to learn about Quirrel, check out [the tutorial](https://dev.to/quirrel/building-a-water-drinking-reminder-with-next-js-and-quirrel-1ckj)!

Reviewer: Good catch!

Quirrel makes job queueing as easy as pie. It supports delayed jobs, fanout jobs, recurring jobs and CRON jobs.

> Quirrel values...

Reviewer: According to https://www.grammarly.com/blog/ellipsis/, an ellipsis should be preceded by a space.
```suggestion
Quirrel values ...
```

Author: You learn something new each day!
